Update README.md (#77)
argenos/nldates-obsidian: README.md

Expand dates using natural language inline within the editor view.

> Typing `@today` <kbd>Enter</kbd> will automatically be expanded to the current date. Press <kbd>Shift</kbd> at the same time to display the text as an alias. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typing `@today` <kbd>Enter</kbd> will automatically be expanded to the current date. Press <kbd>Shift</kbd> at the same time to keep the input text as an alias (e.g. `@today` → `[[202112-27|today]]`).
```
